So in order for us to understand how we can retrieve the the information from our our large language
model and from our document as the source, we're going to write a code something like this.
So maybe I'm just going to put a markdown over here.
Uh, and I'm going to say and I'm going to add the code over here.
And then I'm going to start writing the code.
So basically in order for doing that I'm going to say from uh, lang chain dot, that is a package called
uh chains.
And I'm going to import what is called as the retrieval QA over here.
And this retrieval QA over here.
I'm going to create a QA chain.
And I'm going to say uh, retrieval QA dot from uh chain type.
I don't know why there is no intellisense coming.
And over here I need to pass three things.
One is the LM, another one is the retriever, which is going to be the retriever that we have got.
And finally, we need to return also the source document.
I'm also going to show you the source document from where this information is really coming through.
So I'm going to say source documents is equal to true.
So I want to return that information as well.
So this is some additional thing that I wanted to show you this time so that you can know what exactly,
uh, we can bring to the table so that you can see where is the data really coming from.
So I'm going to ask the question this time is what is training data and batching size.
Something like that.
Right.
And I'm going to pass this to our obviously to our QA chain.
So I'm going to say QA chain dot because this is going to be a runnable the QA chain I'm going to call
this invoke method.
And I'm going to pass the question that I have got right.
And now I also wanted to print the source, as I told you.
So I'm going to say sources.
Maybe there can be multiple sources.
So I'm just going to say source and I'm going to set to property dark dot metadata dot get.
And I'm going to get the source.
And if it is unknown then it's going to print the unknown for me.
Uh, for dark in the response.
Uh, of the source documents.
So this is the documents that we are going to be getting as a response in output that we are going to
get from this particular response.
Really.
Uh, and let's try to print the, uh, response and we will see the result, like how it is going to
be coming from.
And I'm also going to print the sources used.
So slash n I'm also going to add and also print that out here.
And I'm going to say sources used.
And I'm going to say far source in sources.
And I want to print the source over here.
So I'm going to say source right.
That's what I want to print this time.
So look at that.
So what I have done over here in this particular code is basically I'm using the retrieval shader from
chain type method.
And over here I'm passing the LLM and retriever.
Uh, and also I'm going to set the return source document so that I want to show you the documents from
where it has been printed.
And now if I try to run this particular code, you'll notice that I'm getting an error here.
And it is happening because it says that the written source documents.
I guess it's documents.
Oh my God.
Not document, but documents.
And now it should be fine.
So if I try to run this particular code this time, look at that.
It gets me this particular information.
So when I ask what is training data and batching side, it says the content provided does not contain
the information about training data and batching size, but these are typically important details for
the machine learning models.
Testing training process.
But they were not mentioned in the given text.
Therefore, I do not have enough information over here.
Oh that's bad.
So it is not really getting that particular information for some reason.
And it's just giving like LM forgetting dot pdf file as like first source of information that it has
got for some reason.
But let's say I'm going to ask um, probably what is training data and batching.
And if I try running it again, you will notice that it gives me that information over here.
Training data refers to the collection of examples used to train the machine learning models, and these
examples consist of input data and blah blah blah.
So this is coming from our source.
Attention is all you need which is amazing.
So this is working as expected for us over here.
And similarly if I'm going to ask the position feed forward network like how that works, um, I'm going
to probably ask that question.
And if I try running it over here, uh, one more time, you will notice that I'm going to get that
particular response as well and is coming from the attention dot PDF file, which is amazing.
So these things are there in this particular document.
And that's the reason why these are all coming up for us over here.
So maybe we can ask this question right.
Testing of the factual correctness.
So what exactly is testing after fitting uh, actual correctness of LM tells?
Probably I'm just going to ask this question.
So that way we can see if the LM can answer that question.
Yeah.
There we go.
The testing of factual correctness of large language models involves assessing their ability to provide
accurate information that blah, blah, blah.
It's all coming up over here.
So there we go.
So that is also something coming up over here.
So this is the retrieval QA for us.
Like how we can use it I mean but most of the time we are going to be using this one, as you can see
over here, because this is the correct way of us to, uh, perform any of the action.
And if you need even more finer control over your your actual query, then you need to use the one that
we have used, like using manually, uh, over here, which is this guy.
So you are an assistant.
Use the following and correctly answer just till the, uh, I don't know, over here.
Um, the question, this is the answer.
Uh, also, you can also say also summarize the results.
Uh, summarize the.
And now if I'm going to ask this question over here, the same question that I asked before, uh, to
the retrieval QA and look at that.
So it's giving me all the answers over here.
Oh there we go.
So this is the MD format as well.
And we're going to get this particular response.
So this is like higher uh, control or maybe finer control over how we can, uh, we can assess our
large language model to have more information and we can get the responses back.
And you can see that we are doing a rag operation, this time with our PDF file that we have stored
in our vector stores.
And then we are retrieving it from our large language model.
So this is the power of how we can make use of the Rag to make our LLM even more intelligent and get
more context while it tries to extract the information out.
That's it guys, this is all about how we can create a rag for the PDF document.